README.md, before:

# Algorithms
Complete resources to practice problems solving and prepare for coding interviews. This repo shows my solutions in C\# and Python for real interview questions taken from different sites (the origin link to the question is always in the description).
Currently, we have a few completed solutions focused on Array, String, Linked List, Stack, Queue, and other data structures.

![C\#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)

Please feel free to reference and :star: to support this repo, thank you!

[![Open Source? Yes!](https://badgen.net/badge/Open%20Source%20%3F/Yes%21/blue?icon=github)](https://github.com/Naereen/badges/)


## List of Algorithms
* [Array](#array)
* [String](#string)
* [Linked List](#linked-list)
* [Stack](#stack)
* [Queue](#queue)
* [Tree](#tree)
* [Sorting](#sorting)
* [Ciphers](#ciphers)
* [Math](#math)


### Array
| Title | Solution | Difficulty | Time | Space |
| ----- | -------- | ---------- | ---- | ----- |
[Minimum Average Difference](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-average-difference/)|![](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)| Medium| O(n)| O(1)|
[Rotate Image](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-image/)|![](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)| Medium| O(n^2)| O(1)|


### String
| Title | Solution | Difficulty | Time | Space |
| ----- | -------- | ---------- | ---- | ----- |
[Determine if String Halves Are Alike](https://leetcode.com/problems/determine-if-string-halves-are-alike/)|![](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white)| Easy| O(n)| O(1)|
[Determine if Two Strings Are Close](https://leetcode.com/problems/determine-if-two-strings-are-close/)|![](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white)| Medium| O(n)| O(n)|
[Sort Characters By Frequency](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-characters-by-frequency/)|![](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)| Medium| O(n)| O(n)|


### Linked List
| Title | Solution | Difficulty | Time | Space |
| ----- | -------- | ---------- | ---- | ----- |
[Middle of the Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list/)|![](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)| Easy| O(n)| O(1)|
[Odd Even Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/odd-even-linked-list/)|![](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)| Medium| O(n)| O(1)|


### Stack
| Title | Solution | Difficulty | Time | Space |
| ----- | -------- | ---------- | ---- | ----- |


### Queue
| Title | Solution | Difficulty | Time | Space |
| ----- | -------- | ---------- | ---- | ----- |


### Tree
| Title | Solution | Difficulty | Time | Space |
| ----- | -------- | ---------- | ---- | ----- |
[Symmetric Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/)|![](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)| Easy| O(log n)| O(1)|


### Math
| Title | Solution | Difficulty | Time | Space |
| ----- | -------- | ---------- | ---- | ----- |
[Integer to Roman](https://leetcode.com/problems/integer-to-roman/)|![](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)| Easy| O(n)| O(1)|


## Additional Practice 
[LeetCode Online](https://leetcode.com/) is a website containing many **algorithm questions**. 
Most of them are real interview questions of **Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, Apple**, etc.

Commit message:

- add "Range Sum of BST" solution in Python, Java and C#

README.md, after:

# Algorithms
Complete resources to practice problems solving and prepare for coding interviews. This repo shows my solutions in C\# and Python for real interview questions taken from different sites (the origin link to the question is always in the description).
Currently, we have a few completed solutions focused on Array, String, Linked List, Stack, Queue, and other data structures.

![C\#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)

Please feel free to reference and :star: to support this repo, thank you!

[![Open Source? Yes!](https://badgen.net/badge/Open%20Source%20%3F/Yes%21/blue?icon=github)](https://github.com/Naereen/badges/)


## List of Algorithms
* [Array](#array)
* [String](#string)
* [Linked List](#linked-list)
* [Stack](#stack)
* [Queue](#queue)
* [Tree](#tree)
* [Sorting](#sorting)
* [Ciphers](#ciphers)
* [Math](#math)


### Array
| Title | Solution | Difficulty | Time | Space |
| ----- | -------- | ---------- | ---- | ----- |
[Minimum Average Difference](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-average-difference/)|![](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)| Medium| O(n)| O(1)|
[Rotate Image](https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-image/)|![](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)| Medium| O(n^2)| O(1)|


### String
| Title | Solution | Difficulty | Time | Space |
| ----- | -------- | ---------- | ---- | ----- |
[Determine if String Halves Are Alike](https://leetcode.com/problems/determine-if-string-halves-are-alike/)|![](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white)| Easy| O(n)| O(1)|
[Determine if Two Strings Are Close](https://leetcode.com/problems/determine-if-two-strings-are-close/)|![](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white)| Medium| O(n)| O(n)|
[Sort Characters By Frequency](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-characters-by-frequency/)|![](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)| Medium| O(n)| O(n)|


### Linked List
| Title | Solution | Difficulty | Time | Space |
| ----- | -------- | ---------- | ---- | ----- |
[Middle of the Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list/)|![](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)| Easy| O(n)| O(1)|
[Odd Even Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/odd-even-linked-list/)|![](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)| Medium| O(n)| O(1)|


### Stack
| Title | Solution | Difficulty | Time | Space |
| ----- | -------- | ---------- | ---- | ----- |


### Queue
| Title | Solution | Difficulty | Time | Space |
| ----- | -------- | ---------- | ---- | ----- |


### Tree
| Title | Solution | Difficulty | Time | Space |
| ----- | -------- | ---------- | ---- | ----- |
[Symmetric Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/)|![](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)| Easy| O(log n)| O(1)|
[Range Sum of BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/range-sum-of-bst/)|![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)| Easy| O(n)| O(1)|


### Math
| Title | Solution | Difficulty | Time | Space |
| ----- | -------- | ---------- | ---- | ----- |
[Integer to Roman](https://leetcode.com/problems/integer-to-roman/)|![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)| Medium| O(n)| O(1)|


## Additional Practice 
[LeetCode Online](https://leetcode.com/) is a website containing many **algorithm questions**. 
Most of them are real interview questions of **Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, Apple**, etc.
